We're nearing the end of the first part off this section the template driven approach.
There are still some things I want to show you for example of how to work with radio buttons.
We don't have any radio buttons in our form as of now so let's add some let's add a property in Yapp
component first with some gender's.
So this is simply an array where I have male and female and I don't want to insult anyone I know there
are more genders nowaday I'm going to go with the classic approach here just to keep it simple.
We have this gender's array and now with that array I want to output genders here.
So let's say below our.
Your reply paragraph your or add a new div with a class of radio
and this death should be replicated for all the genders.
So I'll I'm going to loop through my genders maybe bind to a gender variable and this is just a set
of bootstrap uses to give to give to some nice styling of course.
Use any Aberlour set up to style your your buttons here and looping ruled genders.
And now again in the boot strebel to make a trait a nice looking radio button.
I'm going to wrap it in a label this input here which is of Taieb radio.
And I'm going to wrap this over multiple lines too just to make it all super simple to read and to understand.
And here I will give it a name of gender because an array but I can only select one of them in a group
cell.
The name should be gender for whichever button is selected and it will place Engy model on it to make
it a control.
And I will pre-populated will set the value off the Spartan equal to gender.
So this variable of my energy for loop.
Now with that if we save this we should see that we have some gender buttons to output a text.
I need to add it here after my input.
So again gender here.
Like Dat.
And now we have male and female here.
And if I just Antro something so that I can submit the form and I pick male here you will see that on
the value object your.
We got gender which is male and of course if I pick a female this will you guessed it be set to female.
So this is how you can easily incorporate the radio buttons by binding or by placing end Jamal on the
input as always setting the value of course you could all the hard code to value and that well makes
it usable just like any other input.
And if you want to set it to a default Chenda of course you can use one way binding again to make sure
that one of the two buttons is selected by default at the start.
When you load the form you can also of course add the required directive or attributes to that input
here to make sure that now the form will not be valid until one of the two has been selected.
So that works just like when any other input.
So I just want to highlight this because radio buttons can look like a very special case.
They are and they are used like any average input when using the template TROM approach in your angular
app